hello and welcome to another episode of
the nerd today's episode is sponsored by
audible start your free 30-day trial now
use promo code nerd crew to get 5% off
today when you sign up you get free
membership for 30 days with one
audiobook plus two audible originals
after the trial period 3 titles each
month one audiobook plus two audible
originals enjoy your titles on iOS Apple
iPhone Apple watch iPad that was a great
ad read Mike but don't forget that this
episode is also sponsored by pill pack
skip the pharmacy lines pill pack sorts
and delivers your medication right to
your door I don't have ADD or taking
medication should be easy make the
switch and get started with pill pack
today delivers to you each month how
much more is there your your pills
sorted by the dose I think I'm done I'm
done with that ad read is he done
there's there's another app and by llola
organic feminine care subscription box
have a simpler period with natural
products delivered to your door no
additives tampons starting at $8 now
that we've paid the bills we can start
the show that's right Jay and welcome to
another episode of the nerd I'm Mike and
I'd like to say I'm the world's biggest
star Wars fan but have you ever been to
a Disney Expo and I'm Jay and ever since
Disney took over Star Wars my life has
been a magical kingdom of endless star
wars magic say that again
we can with a little more energy we can
edit around that which part I thought I
did it all perfect no no the part about
endless [__] magic or something okay
but I
to do the first part again no no the
line Rick wrote for you you know from
from PR okay Stewart again well cut all
this out alright a magical kingdom of
endless Star Wars magic that's perfect
no I'm gonna cut all this and cut this
part out because the most embarrassing
well Jay we sent rich down to Star Wars
Galaxies edge in Florida to report back
live rich rich are you there
[__] parks closed flight was delayed
three times and it took me [__] 36
hours to get home well Jay and I just
got back from Hollywood California where
we went to a theme park ride that wasn't
closed it was the soft opening premiere
of the new attraction rise of the
resistance we got invited to a little oh
I don't know what they call it sneak
peak is that what the little people say
I think they say that in the tabloids
sometimes or on TV shows really would
like to call it a soft opening and the
biz no big deal Sonique previews a
little flyover we say soft opening yes
because we're influencers with a lot of
Twitter followers Disney went through
our tweet history and vetted us finding
no evidence of any negative comments
about Star Wars
thus we were invited to this exclusive
premiere events yes Mike it was very
exclusive and no no humble bragging here
just bragging oh so so Disney vetted us
before inviting us you know to make sure
we we only said positive things about
about the brand huh that sounds an awful
lot like China's social credit score
[__] is he talking about Cooke the
cameras cut this part out cut this all
out just cut the cameras cut the cameras
cut as much a and I will now share our
thoughts while we show you some pics
that we snapped at the event rise of the
resistance is the most impressive ride I
have ever been on I do not think people
are ready for the scale the scope the
surprises and the immersiveness of this
soon to be iconic attraction folks it's
a game changer oh wow there's nothing
like hashtag rise of the resistance
you've got to experience it for yourself
oh wow
everyone can do this ride I thought
hashtag rise of the resistance what have
you screaming aloud but it instead left
me speechless oh wow I am overwhelmed to
the point of confusion by its existence
it's an experiential
journey you'll want to have again and
again what an absolute triumph wait
clapping might trigger some of our more
sensitive audience members Oh
so you're basically just riding around
in a Death Star set and learning like a
stormtrooper or a bad guy pops up the
ride backs up I mean so let's get this
show on the road
December is a month with a very popular
religious holiday it's called Star Wars
Episode nine rise of Skywalker can't
wait and boy oh boy even though no one
really cares this movie seems to be all
over the news Mike everyone cares you
said you said no one cares what oh
you're right yes everyone cares so much
that Disney's crack PR team has been
forced to create fake viral news stories
in order to desperately keep interest
alive can't wait no Mike you said fake
news stories I think what you meant was
real news stories that just happened
organically a home Mike have you been
taking your vitamin D yes which is why I
totally believe the news story that John
boyega left a 100% complete screenplay
to rise of the skywalker in his hotel
room which the maid found and gave to
someone to sell on ebay then somehow
disney got the screenplay back without
anyone copying its contents or reading
it wow this news story sure makes it
seem like everyone is clamoring to find
out what this shitshow story is gonna be
about and so you know they had only a
handful of scripts and they were printed
on crazy uncopyable paper and it was
now the interesting thing I heard is
that the script was printed with ink
that cannot be photocopied and in this
world
nobody has cell phones with cameras on
them that's a myth myth busters proved
that cell phone cameras are a myth
that's right and even though this would
have been an embarrassing blunder by the
actor this studio and a legal nightmare
for both the hotel chain and the maid JJ
Abrams went on Good Morning America to
tell the whole world about it and then
one of our actors I'm not gonna say
which one I want to but I won't left it
under in their bed and it was found by
someone who was cleaning their place and
it was given to someone else who then
went to sell it on eBay and sure makes
for a great viral headline about how
anticipated people are for this movie I
love real news yeah people are so
excited especially after two trailers
came out with absolutely no information
and nobody cared while we're on the
subject of trailers and clips from rise
of the Skywalker this movie has done
something new which the other two films
have not JJ Abrams and Disney have
released thirty seconds of the film
online
[Music]
they fly now they fly now I heard they
fly now they fly now repeating something
over and over is comedy
they fly now comedy comes in threes
everybody they fly now they fly now
thanks bye guys
this just in my source tells me that
rise of Skywalker is already on tracked
being one of the most popular and
successful films of all time
wow that is a catchy headline what's
your source
it doesn't matter did you read the
headline the rise of Skywalker is
already on track to be one of the most
popular and successful films of all time
I mean rich that is great news
especially for Star Wars fans like us
that headline brings me such comfort I
loved reading it I love the information
that that headline contains reading it
made me feel safe and secure that I'm
gonna like rise of Skywalker but rich
what are your facts and what method did
your source office information market
research smart people in the industry it
doesn't matter
the rise of Skywalker is already on
track to being one of the most popular
and successful films of all time so what
you're saying is the rise of Skywalker
is already on track to being one of the
most popular and successful films of all
time with no information to back that up
well I just heard that on a podcast that
we are currently making I just want to
say again how much I love that headline
and and really now that I think about it
I don't care what the facts are to
support that statement I like the
statement so much I think most news
outlets should carry this story you
don't even have to write an article as
long as you have that headline that
people will read and then flip past
they will get the point that Star Wars
the rise of Skywalker is already on
track to being one of the most popular
and successful films of all time you did
it again Star Wars I love the movie I
love the movie
it's that out yet I'm gonna love this
movie and if this all wasn't enough
there's even more news let's not forget
about hash tag storm Disney HQ which I'm
all about what's storm Disney HQ it was
a movement where 500,000 fans were
planning to literally storm Disney's
offices and demand to see an early edit
of rise of Skywalker JJ Abrams talked
about it on the view Oh Jay that was
proven to be a fake news story that
Disney created to drum up enthusiasm
that's right rich silly Jay you know
that at the release of every new Star
Wars film the only real way to see the
movie early is to be a man child dying
in hospice I'd give myself terminal
brain cancer in order to see the rise of
Skywalker early that's fake news that
can't be real is that real wait that
happens every movie no it's real well
guys now that we're finally on the topic
of Star Wars fake news a company known
for its viral pranks has created a fake
Star Wars action figure fake Star Wars
action figures
that's right rich it's called a red
stormtrooper or a Sith Trooper like a
stormtrooper that has powers it's just
yeah it has sift power so look like like
a limited sift our then it's a rub like
a red light so it's like Star Wars would
have no ideas if that were true yeah
a lot of things to do with their toys
and characters and just suggest that a
stormtrooper
has a sip office and it's so authentic
looking - I know I know it really sells
the gang yeah hello yeah yeah you're
watching it yeah it's live it's live
what I don't know guys recent polls show
that 0% of children are interested in
the new Star Wars toys and in fact
interest is waning in the embarrassing
manchild demographic as well and just
look the Star Wars section at Target has
been shrunken down to just a few feet of
oddball figures and toys and on
clearance - you mean like this figure
here of smoke smoke smoke who's he
I don't know some guy in a gold dress
besides releasing cringy ads directed at
kids like this
perfect now it's looking good I'm not
sure what else doesn't he can do oh yeah
I hate to admit it rich but watching
kids play Jedi and Sith in 2019 kind of
feels like watching kids play cowboys
and Indians feel so dated cringy
embarrassing pathetic it just feels
wrong
I mean it's amazing I love Star Wars oh
yeah
we may have audience members with
sensitivity to sound yeah you can really
tell those kids just don't give a [__] I
mean they look like they're having a
great time playing these Angry miserable
characters that's right Jay kids today
prefer [__] like fortnight or plot
patrol or minecraft or robotic dinosaur
monsters stuff like that anything but
Star Wars literally they'll play with
anything but Star Wars toys because we
have them all
yeah sexually ambiguous lady who
constantly wears beige and sexually
ambiguous man who constantly wears black
just isn't really appealing to anyone
except maybe Robert Eggers and gay
robots is so 1977 wait Mike shut up
we've gone all this time and we haven't
talked about baby Yoda oh my god have we
talked about baby Yoda so cute I have
pictures of baby Yoda on my underwear
now for those of you who don't know
there's a new show called mandoline and
baby Yoda is in it the show stars Boba
Fett and Boba Fett finds baby Yoda in a
space egg and everyone just loves baby
Yoda and rightfully so I mean dealing
he's got this big eyes he looks like
gizmo I mean people have pointed that
out and you know for a show about a very
cold bounty hunter who you know he
he doesn't really say much and we needed
a little warmth we needed a little
cuteness in such a cold dark miserable
universe that Star Wars is that kids
love
we needed a cute baby and I have a
theory about baby Yoda
oh hello is this an exclusive this is an
exclusive people call him baby Yoda
obviously because he is of the same race
that was Yoda and he looks like Yoda
he could be baby Yoda but of course the
real Yoda died in Return of the Jedi and
of course the mandolin takes place after
Return of the Jedi and now we've all
theorized that rise of the Skywalker's
has a time-travel plot now I think in
rise of the Skywalker's the plot is the
Emperor Emperor Palpatine he survived
the explosion of the second Death Star
and he's living in an alternate universe
with 10,000 star destroyers he flies out
of the ultra doux he emerges from the
alternate universe and tells everyone
he's back but he's going to use a magic
star crystal to time-travel back to when
Yoda was a little baby maybe 50 or so
and stab him with star crystal right in
his [__] eye wow that sounds very
violent because Yoda might have been one
of the early founders of the Jedi Order
so if Palpatine could kill Yoda you know
when he was a little baby he could
potentially stop the Jedi Order from
rising in the first place and control
the universe for even longer but Rey and
Po and Finn and bin endo and Zin all
find out about this plot and they
stopped the emperor by saving baby Yoda
but they launched baby Yoda into a time
stream and he just appears in a space
egg in in the show the mandolin starring
Boba Fett like the show was called the
man Dorian
now our podcasts the nerd crew was
recently voted the 140 third most
popular Star Wars podcast right after
such hit podcast says the cantina crew
jabberin Jawas down in the trench
Sarlacc pit masters which is also a
podcast about barbeque endless trash
compactors not so boring conversation
anyway and cry for help but to celebrate
our new ranking and the release of rise
of the Skywalker's we're doing a youtube
live auction and we've got some great
Star Wars merch for you to bid on and
all proceeds will go to charity what
charity very cool Wow well Jay it's
called fast track and it's a great
charity what they do is they implant
aggressive cancerous tumors into your
body so that you have the chance to see
rise of Skywalker before you die
wonderful charity wonderful didn't know
amazed used to do a big charity push
when a new Star Wars movie came out hey
guys mark and Daisy here and you're
gonna want to listen to this to
celebrate the 40th anniversary of Star
Wars we're offering fans the chance to
win not one but three once-in-a-lifetime
Star Wars experiences you're right rich
they did but the last Jedi charity drive
did so poorly they ended up in the
negative
after all the administration costs and
everything that's unfortunate you know I
donated a dollar for the chance to
massage Anthony Daniels prostate what
happened to the orphanage it was going
to fund the orphanage had to close its
doors Anthony Daniels wanted to get paid
they shipped all the orphans off to
Thailand to work in a sweatshop making
Star Wars toys darling Anthony Daniels
defense I mean he did play c-3po yeah
I'm not sure who ended up massaging
Anthony Daniels prostate I did Wow
you think with a name like c-3po
he'd be into golden showers he is he
pissed on my face while saying take that
Kenny Baker
well everyone it's time to start the
auction now remember all proceeds go to
the charity fast track so your bid will
help one lucky fan get an early death
and a possible chance at seeing rise of
the Skywalker early the number to call
is
[Music]
autographs donated to us by Disney for
this wonderful charity we have a a fin
John boyega kylo Ren autographed by Adam
driver of course rich the black woman
what's her name yes the new character
her name release character ray
autographed by Daisy Ridley of course
and lastly we have Poe Dameron played by
the great Oscar Isaac all autographs
ready to go so yeah phone lines are open
and bidding starts at $10
[Music]
did he say the number right did you say
the number rich you can you repeat it
maybe just what one eight eight eight
nine oh five seven eight eight eight and
and you no no no phone charges toll-free
as they say well Mike rich I mean maybe
people just aren't interested in this
charity I mean it is kind of weird
who wants to die early just to see a
movie a couple weeks in advance it's
true maybe we should change charities
sure okay the back-up charity that we
have is called end AIDS it's a charity
that puts 100 percent of its proceeds
into R&D to develop a vaccine for the
AIDS virus we could we could eradicate
the disease all over the planet in just
a generation and all they need is a few
thousand dollars more they're so close
they're so close and we can help them
with our charity nests so let's put our
next lot up for auction which is a
series of also autographed Star Wars
movie posters
[Music]
it works we make that number larger on
the screen like yeah sure
Rick can you make the number larger I
mean people are watching this on YouTube
it might be too small to see yeah yeah
that Empire Strikes Back poster is
signed by Irvin Kershner Mark Hamill
Harrison Ford Wow Carrie Fisher oh wow
what an inspiration all right all right
Pete she is an inspiration to us all
well guys I don't want to speak too
early but I'm gonna say that this
charity drive is going very poorly this
charity's doing amazing thing so let's
bring out our final item okay it is an
amazing large poster of all the Star
Wars characters signed by just about
everyone along in the Star Wars universe
wow I don't even know how many
signatures are on this poster there's
way too many to count
we had to pull a lot of strings to get
this yes do you think anybody's watching
or is there just no interest in Star
Wars anymore that can't possibly be the
case right Star Wars eternal stars is
eternal because it's about family and
that's what makes it so powerful yeah
this is not ringing it didn't ring I
thought I heard
you [__] this what are you doing rich
what are you doing
my GrubHub is not showing up so I'm
gonna make a sandwich I got I got the
Darth Vader toaster and I'm gonna make a
[__] sandwich oh but the toaster was
supposed to be part of the auction I was
gonna say if you bid on this you can
help make aids toast like toast with
aids on it no like like help make aids
history aids history oh you mean like
how the disease started no you stupid
idiots push the handle down harder push
the toast down into it shove the toast
into the toaster some [__] duct tape
this is a very unorthodox way to make
toast duck yeah hope so
okay okay okay we'll turn it on high
just just to make sure it toasts
properly it seems like he's messing with
the electronics of this this dangerous
kitchen item a little too aggressively J
well does that mean it'll be worth more
in the auction because it's screen-used
is that a lightsaber fork fork hold on
I'm gonna butter up the spoon but maybe
you should unplug it first well now's a
good time to remind everybody that the
phone lines are open that's right the
phone lines are still open and one
little bit on any of the auction items
that we have oh Jesus oh my god I did
not expect this to happen Oh God rich
get the toast out it's gonna start a
fire God Jesus Christ there's so much
smoke how did this get in front of me
[Music]
there's so much smoke rich where are you
going
Oh cut the code ringing hello oh my god
they want to bid $5,000 on the
autographed Star Wars poster
Oh God
why would he think this would help don't
know the [__] was this I got it I got it
sir you still there
can I interest you instead in a Daisy
Ridley autographed action figure hello
[Music]
you